Update C++ rules (#3192)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6010/cfamily/rule.adoc

== Why is this an issue?

> Since {cpp}17, the class ``++std::filesystem::path++`` can store a file path. Compared to a regular string, it offers several advantages:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Introduced in {cpp}17, the class ``++std::filesystem::path++`` can store a file path. Compared to a regular string, it offers several advantages:
```
